docs/extensibility.md, before:

# Extensibility

Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky jowl meatloaf ribeye beef. Doner chicken bacon tongue picanha
landjaeger pork chop brisket leberkas fatback ball tip meatball corned beef. Drumstick turkey
salami fatback ham hock venison tenderloin pork chop short ribs t-bone beef ribs hamburger
shankle.

Chuck pastrami bresaola salami, pork flank porchetta ground round filet mignon tongue corned
beef. Pork belly spare ribs kielbasa chicken ribeye turducken, jerky pig doner flank.

Hamburger tail landjaeger ball tip, porchetta fatback drumstick kielbasa shankle frankfurter.

Something about Pluggable.CONTINUE...

## bootstrapBundles

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/bootstrap.js#L25).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/bootstrap.js#L8-L23).

## bootstrapCompilation

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L14-L21).

## buildOutput

Given a stream of bundles, reduces those bundles down into a promise that
resolves into a final compilation object.

This compilation object will have three key/value pairs:

- `cache`, containing populated cache from the compilation;
- `bundles`, a mapping of destination paths to `raw` code; and
- `opts`, the original options passed to the compilation).

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **bundles** | Stream | Bundles generated by [getBundles](#getbundles). |
| Return value |  | Promise | of destination paths to bundles with raw code. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L79-L111).

## compile

Performs and end-to-end compilation.  Its return value is a promise
that will resolve to the output of [buildOutput](#buildoutput).

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Return value |  | Promise | Resolves to the compilation output. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L119-L125).

## compileModules

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/compile.js#L65).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/compile.js#L16-L63).

## createModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L4-L16).

## dedupeExplicit

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-explicit.js#L41).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-explicit.js#L5-L39).

## dedupeImplicit

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-implicit.js#L45).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-implicit.js#L38-L43).

## getBundles

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L35-L56).

## getModuleMaps

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L23-L33).

## getUrls

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L58-L63).

## hashBundle

Calculate the bundle's hash.  Defers to [updateBundleHash](#updatebundlehash) for
the actual calculations.

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **bundle** | Object | Bundle. |
| Return value |  | String | SHA1 that uniquely identifies the bundle. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L40).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L27-L38).

## hashModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L30).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L19-L28).

## interpolateFilename

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/interpolate-filename.js#L14).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/interpolate-filename.js#L3-L12).

## loadModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L34).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L28-L32).

## parseModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L11-L25).

## preresolve

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L18-L20).

## resolveModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L42).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L22-L40).

## updateBundleHash

Calculate the bundle's hash by invoking `update` with data from the bundle.
`update` should be called with string data only.

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **update** | Function | Updates the ongoing computation of bundle hash. |
| Parameter | **bundle** | Object | The bundle object. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L12-L16).

## updateModuleHash

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L5-L17).

Commit message:

Generate docs for bootstrapBundle pluggable.

docs/extensibility.md, after:

# Extensibility

Bacon ipsum dolor amet jerky jowl meatloaf ribeye beef. Doner chicken bacon tongue picanha
landjaeger pork chop brisket leberkas fatback ball tip meatball corned beef. Drumstick turkey
salami fatback ham hock venison tenderloin pork chop short ribs t-bone beef ribs hamburger
shankle.

Chuck pastrami bresaola salami, pork flank porchetta ground round filet mignon tongue corned
beef. Pork belly spare ribs kielbasa chicken ribeye turducken, jerky pig doner flank.

Hamburger tail landjaeger ball tip, porchetta fatback drumstick kielbasa shankle frankfurter.

Something about Pluggable.CONTINUE...

## bootstrapBundle

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/bootstrap.js#L9-L18).

## bootstrapBundles

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/bootstrap.js#L29).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/bootstrap.js#L20-L27).

## bootstrapCompilation

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L14-L21).

## buildOutput

Given a stream of bundles, reduces those bundles down into a promise that
resolves into a final compilation object.

This compilation object will have three key/value pairs:

- `cache`, containing populated cache from the compilation;
- `bundles`, a mapping of destination paths to `raw` code; and
- `opts`, the original options passed to the compilation).

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **bundles** | Stream | Bundles generated by [getBundles](#getbundles). |
| Return value |  | Promise | of destination paths to bundles with raw code. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L79-L111).

## compile

Performs and end-to-end compilation.  Its return value is a promise
that will resolve to the output of [buildOutput](#buildoutput).

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Return value |  | Promise | Resolves to the compilation output. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L119-L125).

## compileModules

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/compile.js#L65).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/compile.js#L16-L63).

## createModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L4-L16).

## dedupeExplicit

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-explicit.js#L41).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-explicit.js#L5-L39).

## dedupeImplicit

This is an **asynchronous stream plugin**.  This means that the function should
return a stream that emits expected values.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-implicit.js#L45).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/dedupe-implicit.js#L38-L43).

## getBundles

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L35-L56).

## getModuleMaps

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L23-L33).

## getUrls

This is an **asynchronous promise plugin**.  This means that the function
should return a promise that resolves to the expected value.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/index.js#L58-L63).

## hashBundle

Calculate the bundle's hash.  Defers to [updateBundleHash](#updatebundlehash) for
the actual calculations.

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **bundle** | Object | Bundle. |
| Return value |  | String | SHA1 that uniquely identifies the bundle. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L40).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L27-L38).

## hashModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L30).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L19-L28).

## interpolateFilename

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/interpolate-filename.js#L14).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/interpolate-filename.js#L3-L12).

## loadModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L34).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L28-L32).

## parseModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/load-ast.js#L11-L25).

## preresolve

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L18-L20).

## resolveModule

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L42).
The function that it wraps can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/resolve.js#L22-L40).

## updateBundleHash

Calculate the bundle's hash by invoking `update` with data from the bundle.
`update` should be called with string data only.

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

|     | Name | Type | Description |
| --- | ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| Parameter | **update** | Function | Updates the ongoing computation of bundle hash. |
| Parameter | **bundle** | Object | The bundle object. |


This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/bundles/hash.js#L12-L16).

## updateModuleHash

This is a **synchronous pluggable**, which means that the function should return
a real value, rather than a promise or a stream.

This Pluggable's definition can be found [here](../lib/compile/modules/hash.js#L5-L17).
